README.md, before:

# react-routes
Examples on how to use react-router-dom

## - hello-route
Very basic route example, that requires minimum configuration for react-router-dom

To execute navigate to 'react-routes' directory and from command line enter

```
npm run hello-route
```

## - decoupling-route-declarations
When project becomes bigger and bigger instead of keeping route declarations in one place, they can be stored closer to each module. This code provides example on how to have Routes on each module and then combine them in one place (e.g. home page). This example uses new Router API 'react-router-dom' and BrowserRouter. BrowserRouter navigation only works with web server, because it sends requests to the web server. So navigation from the URL will not work. You will get 404 - Page is not found error. Changing Router to HashRouter will work, but it will add '#' to the URL requests.

To run this example navigate to decoupling-route-declarations directory and from command line enter.

```
npm run decoupling-route-declarations
```

It will open web-dev-server with hot reloading, but it will not react to manually typed URL address in navigation bar. This is because of BrowserRouter nature. Like it was explained before, BrowserRouter requires web server to support browser navigation. So in order to test navigation from the URL (e.g localhost:8080/one/First) we need to start web server. In order to do that navigate to decoupling-route-declarations directory and from command line enter

```
node server
```
after starting web server we can enter navigation into URL address bar (localhost:8080/one/First)

Commit message:

added parrent and child routes example

README.md, after:

# react-routes
Examples on how to use react-router-dom, BrowserRouter, HashRouter

## - hello-route
Very basic route example, that requires minimum configuration for react-router-dom

To execute navigate to 'react-routes' directory and from command line enter

```
npm run hello-route
```

## - decoupling-route-declarations
When project becomes bigger and bigger instead of keeping route declarations in one place, they can be stored closer to each module. This code provides example on how to have Routes on each module and then combine them in one place (e.g. home page). This example uses new Router API 'react-router-dom' and BrowserRouter. BrowserRouter navigation only works with web server, because it sends requests to the web server. So navigation from the URL will not work. You will get 404 - Page is not found error. Changing Router to HashRouter will work, but it will add '#' to the URL requests.

To run this example navigate to decoupling-route-declarations directory and from command line enter.

```
npm run decoupling-route-declarations
```

It will open web-dev-server with hot reloading, but it will not react to manually typed URL address in navigation bar. This is because of BrowserRouter nature. Like it was explained before, BrowserRouter requires web server to support browser navigation. So in order to test navigation from the URL (e.g localhost:8080/one/First) we need to start web server. In order to do that navigate to decoupling-route-declarations directory and from command line enter

```
node server
```
after starting web server we can enter navigation into URL address bar (localhost:8080/one/First)

## - parent-and-child-routes
Example of how to use application template (App) and passe different React elements based on the specified route.

This example uses HashRouter, so no server is required for navigation.

To run this example navigate to parent-and-child-router directory and from command line enter:

```
npm run parent-and-child-router
```
